HUNAR 3.0- India’s First E- Reality Show
About us
HUNAR known for its ultra level of competition is organized each year by Creative Beast since 2018. HUNAR is one such competition that gives platform to all kinds of talent and is organized at national level so that talents across the nation can take this opportunity and showcase their talent to the world. Our judges are professional dancers, singers, teachers who have prior experience behind the table as well as vast knowledge in all types of talents. Our talented professional will help your competition become one to remember, by not only providing accurate results but also informative and detailed assessment. This one such platform helps participants realize their dream while going through the rigorous process of auditions and levels of competition ,they realize their ability to do something different and build confidence to follow their passion and fulfill their dreams.

Content 1:
We are super excited to offer India's first reality show, a new kind of an online only event!!
Submit your video into National level competition HUNAR 3.0 Organized by Creative Beast and The Motion Man to compete alongside the talents across the nation and a chance to win cash Prize.

Content 2:

In this uncertain time Creative Beast and The Motion Man seeks to inspire young talents to live their dreams and furnish their talent through this national level competition.
Our goal is to provide exceptional, everlasting experience and platform that can help young talents to learn and grow. We believe trophies and prizes are only one way of recognizing talent but the learning and competitive environment develop the participant’s ability to know their worth and analyse their level across the nation. This competition helps them to polish their talent and upgrade themselves and we believe this is the best award we can offer.

Working Criteria:

1) Participants need to register themselves using register option on the website. 

2) Candidates whosoever have registered will then send their freshly recorded video for the audition round.

3) Top 100 selected participants by the judges from the audition round would compete to confirm their place for the next round and their video would be streaming live on our website.

4) Selected Top 50 participants would again compete to reach to the semi-finals.

5) Selected Top 20 semi- finalist would compete and per week 4 out of them would be eliminated and will be judged using online voting and marks given by the judges.

6) Top 4 finalist will then compete in the grand finale to win the Competition.











